-[narrator] Episode 49:
-You want a pain killer?
- Incandescent Fighters
-Are you insane?
- The Fierce Tiger
-[groan]
- and Tsubasa.
-Doctor...
I'm begging you.
If you don't help me,
we're going to lose
this match.
Oh, kid, you never listen,
do you?
Don't you get how serious
this is?
You should be satisfied.
You played more than
you ought to.
If you keep playing
imprudently,
at that pace,
you'll put your future
soccer career at risk.
Please, understand.
If your injuries worsen,
you won't be able...
to be a professional player
anymore.
Is that what you want?
This is...
This is our dream.
What?
I understand
the consequences.
I understand, doctor.
It's our dream...
my teammates and I
promised to win
our third championship.
So I can't just
abandon them now.
Uh... Tsubasa...
If we lose,
I will stay in Japan,
and all of my efforts will
have been in vain, doctor.
I want to go to Brazil
with peace of mind.
Knowing that I left
my friends with a victory.
It's my parting gift
to them.
That's why I can't
ever stop.
[announcer]
And the ball is in
Hyuga's possession
once more.
Get ready, Nankatsu.
[announcer] Here comes
the Tiger Shot.
- It's Hyuga's sixth attempt.
-[growl]
Now that Tsubasa's
left the field,
we have to defend
our goal, no matter what.
The Tiger Shot only goes
in a straight line.
I'll block it with my body
and that's that.
[grunt]
[yell]
[groan]
Ishizaki!
[announcer] And the ball
makes direct contact
- with Ishizaki's stomach.
-[groan]
[grunt]
-[announcer] Hyuga winds up
-[gasp]
- to attempt a back to back
-[yell]
- Tiger Shot.
[tiger growl]
[yell]
[groan]
[announcer] But now, Takasugi
puts his body on the line.
[grunt]
[pant]
Take this!
-[grunt]
-[tiger growl]
Say goodbye, Nankatsu!
[whistle]
What?
[announcer]
And the referee whistles
the end of
the first half.
- Toho couldn't complete
-[grunt]
their play.
-[gasps]
-That was too close.
[announcer] Toho is still
leading the score 3 to 2,
ladies and gentlemen.
-Damn it all.
-[growl]
We were just about to
score our fourth goal
[groaning]
Are you guys doing
all right?
Yeah, we're fine.
-[cheering]
-Good job, Nankatsu.
That's what I call
a defense.
You haven't saved yourselves
just yet, Nankatsu.
Ah... Now the sun
is on my side.
By the time we start
the second half,
the heat will definitely
take a toll on your energy.
It won't affect me.
I had rigorous training
under Okinawa's
blazing heat.
This is a child's play
for me.
With or without Tsubasa,
- I will make sure
-[tiger growl]
to score ten goals.
I'm finally going to
crush you!
-[Ryo] Tsubasa!
-Huh?
Tsubasa,
are you feeling better now?
Yeah.
How's the match going?
3 - 2.
Toho's lead.
Kojiro Hyuga
tried to shoot twice,
but Ishizaki and Takasugi
were able to stop
his Tiger Shot on time.
We couldn't put
all your hard work
to waste, captain.
I'm very proud of
each and every one of you.
Hey, um, will you be okay
to play in the second half?
[Tsubasa]
Yeah.
I have some new bandages,
and I took some
pain killers.
That way, I'll be playing...
for the rest of the match.
That's really good news.
Excellent.
-[doctor] Just remember...
-Huh?
If you fall head first
to the ground again,
I'll take it upon myself
to ask the referee
for your exit, young man.
Sure.
Thanks, doctor.
Okay, then, it's decided.
From now on, we'll have to
go out there giving our all.
And we'll take home
the third championship.
Toho, you better be ready.
Now we're coming for
the victory.
-Yeah!
[narrator]
Team Toho...
Wakashimazu,
how's your shoulder doing?
[grunt]
Don't you worry,
Captain.
I feel just fine.
No matter what happens,
I will defend
our team's goal.
I will do it
no matter the cost.
[yelling]
Please, listen.
I don't want to give up
on soccer, father.
Just please...
It's what I want.
I don't want to
stay here forever.
I know that full well, Ken.
I just don't approve of you
wasting your time
playing silly games.
You haven't won anything,
Ken.
You have
a better future here
than chasing soccer balls.
You underestimate me.
[sigh]
I want you
to take me seriously.
If I don't win
the tournament,
I promise I'll give up
on soccer.
So are you going to
keep that promise, Ken?
Yes, I will.
Because I have
the confidence,
that this time,
I'll defeat Nankatsu,
Father.
And when we finally win
the tournament,
I'll keep going
until I go pro.
[grunts]
-[Kitazume] Good work, guys.
-[gasp]
The two goals they scored
don't matter.
We still have the advantage.
From now on...
I want all of you
to follow Hyuga.
-Huh?
-I'm counting on him.
He'll take us to victory.
-Thank you, Coach.
-Huh?
He finally recognized Hyuga
as our captain.
Captain, we're ready to go.
Let's show them
who Toho really is.
-Yeah!
Ah...
Hmm...
[narrator] Toho has shown
to be a very close team.
[Katagiri] Are you
Jun Misugi from Musashi?
-Huh?
I'm Munemasa,
from the Japanese
Soccer Federation.
I suppose you know
we're looking for
the best players for
our national team,
so they can represent us
in the European tournament.
Yes, I'm aware.
I'll be direct.
I'd be honored if you were
to be part of our team.
What?
But what for?
We would like you
to be part of
our coaching team,
Jun.
Really?
I know you're
a virtuous player,
but I also know...
that your heart's
a bit fragile.
[gasp]
Don't be offended.
No one can deny your talent
as a player.
But what I'm fascinated by
is your intellect.
I believe
your analytic prowess
will help better
the team's abilities.
You'll be the catalyst
to the player's growth.
You're flattering me.
Really, sir, but...
but I don't know
if I can do that.
Please, think about it.
[cheering]
Huh?
[announcer]
There he is!
Tsubasa's returned
to the field.
[Kojiro]
Tsubasa... I was anxiously
waiting for your comeback.
Great, we'll win without
an unfair advantage.
Yeah, let's crush them.
Everyone...
[narrator] Family house
and Dojo Wakashimazu.
[announcer] The players return
to their positions.
[Mr. Wakashimazu]
Son...
[announcer] It was an intense
first half.
Hyuga's Tiger Shot
against
Tsubasa's Drive Shot.
Let's see what surprises
are in store
for this second half.
[Tsubasa] This will be
the last 30 minutes
of my final match
with everyone.
We will win.
And I'll leave happy to have
accomplished our dream.
[whistle]
[announcer] And Nankatsu
resumes the match.
Listen up,
I want you guys
to steal the ball.
-Yeah!
-[growling]
-[announcer]
Toho is determined
- on getting the ball.
-[panting]
-[grunt]
-[scream]
[grunt]
[announcer] But Tsubasa
keeps possession.
We won't let you off
that easy.
-[grunt]
-[yell]
[announcer] Hyuga the Tiger
slide tackles ferociously
- towards Tsubasa.
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
[announcer] But Tsubasa
manages to evade
with a huge leap.
[Kojiro]
What?
You were supposed
to be injured.
It's impossible.
Everyone, come with me!
-Yeah!
[announcer] And Nankatsu
switches to offense
being led by their captain,
Tsubasa Ozora.
-You can do it!
-Score, Tsubasa!
-Let's go!
-Woo-hoo!
I won't let you take
another step forward.
Here!
[announcer] Tsubasa stops
and sends a long pass
to Taki and Kisugi,
Nankatsu's silver duo.
[gasps]
I wasn't expecting that.
Come face me.
Tsubasa's a ticking
time bomb.
He can fall apart
at any moment.
We have to score before
his injury gets any worse.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
Kisugi jumps
to be able to shoot.
[grunt]
Taki!
[announcer]
Hold on,
- it's a pass to Taki.
-[gasp]
Toho's keeper
- has been fooled.
-Take this! [grunt]
[announcer] Taki seizes
the opportunity
to head the ball.
An excellent play from
Nankatsu's silver duo.
Be careful, Ken.
It's useless.
We scored!
[grunt]
No!
[announcer] The keeper
Wakashimazu
tries to stop it,
but he can't reach the ball.
[yell]
Ken, use karate!
[grunt]
-[announcer] It's out of bounds.
-This can't be!
- Toho's goalkeeper was able
-[cheering]
to successfully
fend off the ball
miraculously
with his finger tips.
It was like a karate chop!
- What an excellent play
-Ah!
- from Wakashimazu.
-That's it!
[announcer] Nankatsu
couldn't tie the score.
-What an amazing save, Ken.
-[laugh]
-We almost had him!
-[growl]
We were so close to tying.
We still have a corner kick.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
Taki chooses to
- pass the ball.
-[gasp]
Take the ball from him!
[announcer] Tsubasa gets
dangerously close.
-Taki!
-[grunt] Captain!
[announcer] Taki the specialist
shoots the cross pass.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
But it's rejected
by Toho's defense.
-What a great play, Imai.
-[laugh]
[grunting]
[announcer] Now Tsubasa
jumps from the goal post
and leaps for the ball.
What's he doing?
[reac]
[announcer] He's able to kick
a beautiful pass to Izawa
while the goalie
is caught off guard.
Now it's my turn.
[grunt]
[announcer] Izawa's header
is 15 feet from the goal.
You can do it, Izawa!
Wakashimazu!
My son!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[announcer]
Denied!
Once again,
the keeper Wakashimazu
deflects the ball.
This can't be.
[gasp]
[announcer] Despite
their attempts, Nankatsu
- hasn't been able to score
-[grunt]
on the unbeatable
goalkeeper Wakashimazu.
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
Toho has demonstrated
their impenetrable defense
during this second half.
That's not fair.
I was sure those two shots
should've been goals.
Wakashimazu is
the best goalkeeper
in the national tournament.
Those were two excellent
plays, Tsubasa.
But you know what?
We won't lose this match
to you.
With Ken in our goal,
I can attack
without worries.
[announcer] And another corner
kick for Nankatsu.
-Huh?
Captain!
Why're you here?
You shouldn't be here,
Captain.
You're our scorer.
Go to the front.
We'll do it.
We'll get the ball back.
Don't you trust us by now,
Captain Hyuga?
Of course I do.
What's going on then?
I know that I'm the scorer,
but I'm also...
a player for Toho Academy.
And I can't leave anything
up to chance.
Don't forget that
Wakashimazu...
can't defend the goal
by himself.
I will be helping you
defend our goal.
It's my responsibility
as the captain of Team Toho.
[laughs]
We're glad to have you,
Captain!
[laugh]
[Hikaru]
I would've never guessed it.
-[grunt]
-I've never noticed it.
Now I can see Hyuga
is looking
to work with his teammates
to win the match, Misugi.
Just like you in Furano.
[Hikaru] Yeah.
I think he took my advice.
He's playing like a real
captain through and through.
Ready, Toho?!
-Yeah!
Hyuga...
You are incredible.
Honestly, I have never felt
so nervous facing you.
And it's not just
your Tiger Shot...
You've changed.
You're not the selfish
player from before.
You better be ready,
Tsubasa.
[growl]
[narrator] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narrator]
And we're back!
[announcer] Nankatsu's ready
for the corner kick.
Let's see if they can
score with this play.
Here!
[announcer] Taki kicks
the corner kick
towards the goal.
[grunt]
[announcer] But Hyuga
leaps heroically
and fends off the ball
from the danger zone.
[gasp]
Listen up,
now's our chance to attack.
Let's do it!
All of us together, Toho!
-Yeah!
[announcer] All of Toho's player
are going on offense.
Quickly, everyone,
come back.
[announcer] The defense
scrambles to run back.
-[grunt] [gasp]
-[announcer]
Nakazato has it.
[yell]
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
Sorimachi steals it.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
What will he do now?
- Looks like he wants to
-[pant]
- pass it to Hyuga.
-Huh?
- But Tsubasa's behind him
-[grunt]
like a shadow.
[Kojiro] No, how's he
able to keep up?
He's supposed to be injured.
[Tsubasa]
I am going to beat you.
Even if it means
breaking my leg.
[announcer]
Incredible!
Tsubasa and Hyuga
are giving it their all.
[doctor] I just gave him
a shot to ease his pain...
but the injuries on his body
are still very much there.
Every single movement
he makes
affects his body
without him knowing.
It's dangerous for him to
keep playing at that pace.
No.
I can't pass it
to the captain.
Don't you worry.
Just pass it already.
All right then.
Here, Captain!
[grunt]
[announcer] Sorimachi
passes the ball
and both captains jump
- for the possession.
-[grunt]
- A midair duel
between titans.
[grunts]
[announcer]
They collide!
[Kojiro] How?
How can he jump that high?
[grunts]
My turn.
Ah!
[announcer] Ishizaki clears
the ball.
Nankatsu's defense
has solidified.
Tsubasa has the resilience
of a rhino.
Yeah.
Tsubasa is a captain
worthy of his team.
[grunt]
[pant]
[Kojiro] You should be flat
on the ground eating dirt.
You really are amazing,
Tsubasa Ozora.
But, I...
won't let you tie the score.
[Sanae]
Tsubasa...
I know that you're hurting,
but you have to hang on.
[announcer] Izawa's running
at full speed
and no one can stop him.
[pant]
Huh?
[announcer] Hyuga's trying to
prevent Tsubasa
from getting close
to Izawa.
[grunt]
[announcer] Izawa passes it
to Iwami.
[grunt]
[announcer] But Sawada
intercepted the pass.
-No!
-[gasp]
[announcer] And Toho recovers
the ball.
[Makoto]
They haven't noticed...
But Toho's key player
is Sawada.
His technique and precision
are worthy of
a true midfielder.
[Takeshi] I have to
get the ball to Hyuga.
If I don't...
I won't have my teammates
respect.
It's yours, Captain!
[announcer] Sawada passes it
to Captain Hyuga.
However, he's still
man marked by Tsubasa.
[pant]
I can't fail now.
Takeshi and the rest
have trusted me
since the beginning.
I can't let them down.
-[grunts]
-[announcer]
Another midair duel!
-[cheering]
-You can do it, Big Brother!
[grunts]
[announcer] They both
head-butt the ball.
-Go, Captain!
-Tsubasa!
[growling]
[announcer]
What's happening?
[grunts]
Tsubasa!
It all ends now!
No!
-This is the Tiger Shot!
-[tiger growl]
-[yell]
-[grunt]
[announcer] Oh! Hyuga's Tiger Sh
grazes Tsubasa's shoulder,
and it's headed straight
for the goal.
[grunt]
[announcer] But it's no problem
for the keeper Morisaki.
[growl]
[scream]
No, Tsubasa!
-Tsubasa!
No, my son!
Tsubasa!
[announcer]
Let's hope Tsubasa
hasn't aggravated
his injury
after taking the impact
from Hyuga's shot.
[Yuzo] Normally, that shot
would've been too powerful.
But its speed and strength
had diminished.
It must've been
his shoulder.
[Tsubasa]
I have to get up right now.
If I don't...
they'll force me
out of the match.
[groan]
Ah...
[announcer] Tsubasa
gathers himself
in an impressive manner.
[groaning]
Tsubasa!
Are you okay, young man?
Yeah, I'm okay, sir.
[doctor]
Tsubasa...
Are you sure you're okay,
Tsubasa?
I said I'm fine.
Huh?
[Teppei]
The third championship...
It's our dream.
Everyone together.
Oh, Tsubasa!
[Tsubasa]
I won't abandon you, guys.
Everyone go on offense.
For our third championship,
guys.
[announcer] Nankatsu has
possession of the ball.
Be very careful.
Tsubasa, I admire
your passion.
It's obvious
you love soccer.
This means everything
to you.
Listen to me well.
I don't care that
you're injured.
I won't let you
keep running around.
I'll crush you, you hear?
If you interfere
with my shot again,
I won't have mercy on you,
Tsubasa.
I won't be holding back,
either, Hyuga.
[panting]
Stop him, guys.
Don't let him get close.
Izawa!
[grunt]
That's right.
Our dream is to win
the third championship.
[Mamoru] We'll accomplish
our dream together, Tsubasa.
Here I come.
I'm not gonna let you
interfere again.
Huh?
[announcer]
Izawa fools Sawada
and passes with
a back-heel pass.
-[grunt]
-[gasp]
We'll fulfill our dream.
Here!
-[gasp]
-[announcer]
Nankatsu manages
to pass through
Toho's defense.
[Masato] We can't lose.
This is
- our last match together.
-[laugh]
Taki!
We'll win
the third championship.
They won't beat us.
[announcer] Taki the specialist
has the ball.
[grunt]
We have played together
for all of this time.
This match is important
to everyone from Nankatsu.
It doesn't matter the risk.
We will make our dream
happen no matter what.
Here!
[grunt]
[announcer] Taki kicks
a beautiful cross pass.
-[grunt]
-[announcer]
Nagano passes it back
with a header.
Nankatsu's
playing in unison.
Eat this, Toho!
[announcer] Kisugi follows
the play
with an incredible
Sliding Shot.
-Be careful!
Yeah!
That ball is going in!
[yell]
[announcer] And the keeper
Wakashimazu
rejects the ball
with a fist.
They don't call him
the best goalie
in the tournament
for nothing.
[Ken] It doesn't matter
how much you try,
I won't ever let you score.
-[gasp]
-Incredible save,
Wakashimazu.
This can't happen.
I thought this time
it was going in.
The ball is still in play.
[grunt]
Now is my time to shine.
-Ishizaki!
-[pant]
I, better than anyone...
know how important
this victory is for Tsubasa.
I've known him since
way before anyone else.
He was like an angel sent
from above for our team.
I owe him big time.
Tsubasa,
this is a gift for you.
I won't let you shoot
that easily. [yell]
-[grunts]
-[announcer]
Ishizaki is
completely blocked
by Hyuga the Tiger,
who leaped to stop him.
-Captain!
-Great, Captain Hyuga!
[grunts]
-[yell]
-[announcer]
But Ishizaki shoots
an overhead kick pass
before falling.
Impossible!
[grunt]
Ishizaki, thank you so much.
[announcer] Tsubasa
is in the air.
[grunt]
[yell]
[announcer]
And the ball hits the net.
Tsubasa scores
with his renowned
- overhead kick.
-[grunt] I did it.
I scored.
-[cheering]
-Yeah!
You did it, Captain!
-Amazing goal.
-[laugh]
You scored, Tsubasa!
[announcer] After many attempts,
Tsubasa finally manages
- to score the tying goal
-[laugh]
of the match.
It was simply
a spectacular maneuver.
Nankatsu ties the match
at the 40 minute mark.
What a way to play!
Tsubasa is awesome.
Yeah,
he's really impressive.
It was all thanks to
their amazing teamwork.
It doesn't matter
how hard it is,
Tsubasa always finds a way.
He rises from the ashes
to score.
It's incredible.
Tsubasa really did it.
See that?
-See that?
-[giggle]
Yeah.
Ah...
We tied the match.
Yeah, we tied the match.
Young man,
you're so hard headed.
He managed to score,
Mrs. Ozora.
[chuckle]
[announcer] Despite
Toho's advantage,
Nankatsu's able to
tie the scoreboard
- at the 40 minute mark.
-[sighs]
There's only 20 minutes
and we're back to
the beginning.
-Big Brother...
-Aw, man...
Kojiro...
Everyone...
[announcer] Tsubasa's injury
is evident.
On the other hand,
Hyuga is in
perfect condition,
at his only match
in the tournament.
Without a doubt,
Toho has a sizeable
advantage in offense
over Nankatsu.
Uh...
Listen up,
I want you guys to shoot
at the right corner.
-Huh?
I think Wakashimazu
is injured
on his right arm, okay?
But are you sure, Tsubasa?
Yeah.
I know because...
he hit the ball
when he could've grabbed it.
Didn't you see that, guys?
You noticed his injury...
from that detail?
Don't take this
the wrong way,
but your visual perception
scares me a little.
Well, it's just that
I'm familiar with
playing with an injured
shoulder, I guess.
Tsubasa...
Thanks to my injury,
I might not become
a professional soccer player
like Roberto...
but even then, I don't
plan on losing this match.
I will win.
You'll see, Roberto.
I'll leave my footprint
in Japan.
And my beloved team
will take the glory
and the third championship.
When I'm fully healed,
I will go to Brazil.
And I will play like
I've always dreamed of,
in your country, Roberto.